Privacy Policy for HomeGenie and HomeGenie Plus

Thank you for downloading "HomeGenie" or "HomeGenie Plus". "HomeGenie" and
"HomeGenie Plus" were developed by, and are owned and operated by, G-Labs.

It is the policy of G-Labs to respect your privacy, and the privacy of all users of our applications. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) has been established to help you understand our commitment to protecting your privacy, and the steps we take to ensure it. This Policy was last modified on January 30, 2017. G-Labs reserves the right, at any time and without prior notice, to modify the Policy.

Your privacy is very important to us and we want you to know everything we do and don’t do with the information you provide. Our guiding principle is that any information we collect from you will be treated with the utmost care and respect, and every effort will be made to ensure the information is kept private.

For purposes of the Policy, “Application” refers to "HomeGenie" or "HomeGenie Plus", as the case may be. Application also includes any Application updates and upgrades that G-Labs may provide to you or make available to you, or that you obtain after the date you obtain your initial copy of the Application, to the extent that such items are not accompanied by a separate Privacy Policy.

Where the present Policy refers to “G-Labs”, it may refer to the Application or G-Labs or both, depending on the context.

BY INSTALLING, USING OR ACCESSING THE APPLICATION, YOU HEREBY ACCEPT THE POLICY WITHOUT QUALIFICATION. You have also explicitly accepted the Terms and Privacy Policy following your installation of the Application and launch of the Application for the first time. If you do not agree to this Policy, do not use or access the Application, and delete it from the device on which the Application was installed (the “Device”).

If you have any questions about the Policy, please contact:

G-Labs - HomeGenie

info ( a t ) homegenie ( d o t ) it

No Collection of Personal Information

G-Labs does not gather any of your personal information while you are using the Application.

Under no circumstances does G-Labs collect, download or otherwise make copies of any data generated by the Application.

General Information Transfer

Any information or data the Application collects is stored locally on your device.

User Control and Uninstall

You can access and change user settings from the options/settings menu on your device. Uninstall methods vary depending on your device. G-Labs has no control over these functions and denies any responsibility of your use thereof, and any data or personal information sent to third parties as a result of said activities.

Risks Associated with the Internet or Wireless Data Transmission

Despite G-Labs’s efforts to ensure third parties will not access or obtain your personal information through the Application, complete confidentiality and security cannot currently be guaranteed on the Internet and / or where data is transferred via wireless digital technology of any type. Communication in this manner is subject to interception, loss, or alteration. You acknowledge and agree that G-Labs cannot be held responsible for damages resulting from the transmission of information in this manner and that such communications are at your own risk.

Limitation of Liability

G-Labs, and / or its respective officers, directors, owners, officials, partners, partnerships, principals, employees, affiliates and other related entities, servants, agents, representatives, successors and assigns, will not be held liable for any damages resulting from the misuse of any information collected through the Application by any third party, or any misuse of any information collected through the Application not in violation of the Policy.

(c) 2017-2022 G-Labs
